## Activity
* 生命周期：
	* 启动时：onCreate -> onStart -> onResume
	* 返回键退出： onPause -> onStop -> onDestroy
	* home键退出/启动另一个activity： onPause -> onStop。重新返回：onRestart -> onStart -> onResume
	* 横竖屏切换：
		> 竖屏切换横屏：onPause -> onSaveInstanceState -> onStop -> onDestroy -> onCreate -> onStart -> onRestoreInstanceState -> onResume
		
		> 横屏切换竖屏： onPause -> onSaveInstanceState -> onStop -> onDestroy -> onCreate -> onStart -> onRestoreInstanceState -> onResume
	* android:configChanges="orientation|keyboardHidden|..."
		> 执行onConfigurationChanged()
	* 当activity被dialog挡住：生命周期没有变化
## Service
* 生命周期
	* 以startService启动：onCreate -> onStartCommand。返回键退出activity不会影响service生命周期，从新回到activity执行onStartCommand
	* 以bindService启动：onCreate -> onBind。返回键退出activity：onUnbind -> onDestroy
## BroadcastReceiver
* Receiver Lifecycle
	* A BroadcastReceiver object is only valid for the duration of the call to onReceive(Context, Intent). Once your code returns from this function, the system considers the object to be finished and no longer active.
	* This has important repercussions(影响) to what you can do in an onReceive(Context, Intent) implementation: anything that requires asynchronous operation is not available, because you will need to return from the function to handle the asynchronous operation, but at that point the BroadcastReceiver is no longer active and thus the system is free to kill its process before the asynchronous operation completes.
	* In particular, you may not show a dialog or bind to a service from within a BroadcastReceiver. For the former, you should instead use the NotificationManager API. For the latter, you can use Context.startService() to send a command to the service.
* Process Lifecycle
	* A process that is currently executing a BroadcastReceiver (that is, currently running the code in its onReceive(Context, Intent) method) is considered to be a foreground process and will be kept running by the system except under cases of extreme memory pressure.
	* Once you return from onReceive(), the BroadcastReceiver is no longer active, and its hosting process is only as important as any other application components that are running in it. This is especially important because if that process was only hosting the BroadcastReceiver (a common case for applications that the user has never or not recently interacted with), then upon returning from onReceive() the system will consider its process to be empty and aggressively(主动) kill it so that resources are available for other more important processes.
	* This means that for longer-running operations you will often use a Service in conjunction with a BroadcastReceiver to keep the containing process active for the entire time of your operation.